Add CSV export instructions to domain management page (#561)
cisagov/getgov-home: pages/help/help_domain-management.md

<strong>Warning: if you disable DNSSEC at your DNS hosting provider before TTL expiration, this may cause your domain to appear offline.</strong> 

## Export domain information as a CSV file
 
You can download domain information as a CSV file. 

> 1. Sign in to the .gov registrar using your Login.gov account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to the [.gov registrar](https://manage.get.gov){target="_blank"} using your Login.gov account.
```

> 2. In the upper right, click “Export as CSV”.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In the upper right, click “Export as CSV.”
```

3. Your CSV file will be saved in your default download location. 

> 4. Check your saved downloads or file manager to locate the CSV file titled “your-domains.csv”.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Check your saved downloads or file manager to locate the CSV file titled “your-domains.csv.”
```

> <strong>CSV column key and descriptions</strong>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### CSV column key and descriptions {.h4}
```

Below are descriptions for each column header displayed in the domain CSV file.

| Column header | Description | 
| --- | --- |
| Domain name | The domain name |

> | Status | Status of the domain. Options are DNS needed, Ready, On hold, Deleted, and Expired |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Status | Status of the domain. Options are DNS needed, Ready, On hold, Deleted, and Expired. |
```

Reviewer 2: Some inconsistency in how periods are used in this table. The pattern seems to be: Not used in a sentence fragment unless there are two fragments in the same cell and/or if there is a complete sentence in the cell. May want to revisit this later, but I updated this one to match that pattern for now.

| First ready on | Date when nameservers were first added to the domain and it was marked “Ready” for the status. Will be blank if no NS records have been added. |
| Expiration date | Date when the domain will expire |

> | Domain type | The organization type for the domain. [See the full list of organization types here](https://get.gov/domains/eligibility/#government-organizations-at-all-levels-are-eligible-for-gov-domains){target="_blank"}. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Domain type | The organization type for the domain. [See the full list of organization types here](../../domains/eligibility/#government-organizations-at-all-levels-are-eligible-for-gov-domains). |
```
Relative link + removing target=_blank.

> | Agency | Name of the federal agency if the domain is registered to one or a “Non-Federal Agency” if that domain is registered to any other other org type (tribal, city, interstate, etc.) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Agency | Name of the federal agency if the domain is registered to one. Displays “Non-Federal Agency” if that domain is registered to any other other org type (tribal, city, interstate, etc.). |
```

| Organization name | Organization or suborganization that manages the domain |
| City | City where the organization or suborganization is located |
| State | State where the organization or suborganization is located |

> | SO | Senior official within your organization who can authorize domain requests. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| SO | Senior official within your organization who can authorize domain requests |
```

Reviewer 2: Updated to follow the pattern for periods I mentioned above.

| SO email | Senior official’s email address |

> | Security contact email | Public-facing email address that allows anyone to report observed or suspected security issues on your domain. Security emails are made public in [our published data](https://get.gov/about/data/){target="_blank"} and in the .gov WHOIS. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Security contact email | Public-facing email address that allows anyone to report observed or suspected security issues on your domain. Security emails are made public in [our published data](../../about/data/) and in the .gov WHOIS. |
```

Because this is an internal link, we don't want target=_blank; it should open on the same tab/page. I also changed the absolute link to be a relative one.
